CARD

Senior Cloud Software Architect (Verified job)Senior Cloud Software Architect 
Caylent
Brazil (Remote)

Viewed
 · 
Be an early applicant
 · 
Posted 4 hours ago4 hours ago



HEADER
Brazil · Reposted 4 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

DESCRIPTION
Caylent is an AI-first cloud services company that helps organizations turn ambitious ideas into meaningful business impact. As an AWS Premier Tier Services Partner and a charter member of Anthropic’s Claude Partner Network, we combine deep expertise in AWS, artificial intelligence, and Anthropic’s Claude platform to help customers modernize their technology, build intelligent products, and move AI from experimentation into production.

Our capabilities span generative and agentic AI, cloud migration and modernization, cloud-native application development, data and analytics, DevOps, managed services, security and compliance, and customer experience transformation. At Caylent, our people always come first.

We are a fully remote global company with employees in Canada, the United States and Latin America. We celebrate the culture of each of our team members and foster a community of technological curiosity. Come talk to us to learn more about what it means to be a Caylien!

The Mission

We are seeking an exceptional Senior Software Architect to join our growing Cloud Native Applications team. The right candidate is someone who has deep expertise in application design and is passionate about working with our customers, partners, and colleagues to drive innovation forward.

Your mission will be to work alongside Caylent’s Engineers, Architects, Sales, and Project Managers to deliver AWS solutions across our diverse and forward-thinking customer base. You’ll work with the latest technologies and support customers looking to bring cutting-edge ideas to market.

Your Assignment

You will be a mission control specialist, guiding Cayliens and Customers alike through Agile ceremonies like stand-ups, retrospectives, and more.
You will translate customer requirements and into a workable backlog of tickets for engineers.
Delegate tickets to a team of engineers in order to complete customer projects.
Lead requirements gathering, backlog grooming, and architecture discussions.
Apply your understanding of DevOps pipelines, including build automation, branching strategies, CI/CD, Infrastructure as Code, security, monitoring, logging, and alerting.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues in customer dev, test, and production environments.
Automate software testing at multiple levels (component, configuration item, subsystem, system) and monitor results.
Write production quality code, including unit and integration tests.
Work with a team to deliver top-quality cloud native applications on AWS for customers.
Clearly communicate and document your designs, processes, and procedures.
You will demonstrate a passion to Stay Curious as you mentor peers, tackle new technologies, and learn from our word-class team of engineers.
Coach and mentor less experienced teammates, coach and be mentored by world class engineers.

Your Qualifications

Core Consulting Qualifications

Customer Experience

Confidently addresses client questions and identifies gaps in requirements with proposed next steps.
Focus on delivering clear, actionable solutions that meet client goals

Collaboration

Facilitates alignment across stakeholders or technical priorities and deliverables.
Navigates differing perspectives with professionalism to ensure shared understanding and progress..

Communication

Breaks down complex technical concepts for non-technical audiences in a clear, concise manner.
Adapts communication style based on audience and context to improve clarity and decision-making.

Technical Qualifications

5+ years of proven experience in software development and cloud-native systems.
Strong background in established engineering practices and scalable architectures.
Expertise in web technologies (HTML, CSS) and frameworks (React, Vue, Angular, MVC .Net, etc.).
Proficiency in server-side scripting (Python, Node.js, PHP, Ruby, etc.).
Deep knowledge of relational and NoSQL databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB).
Experience in API integrations across applications, vendors, and cloud environments.
Understanding of modern application architectures (event-based systems, queues, microservices).
Development experience on a major cloud platform (AWS, Azure, or GCP).
Desire to integrate innovative technologies into development workflow
Familiarity with Generative AI technologies
Proven ability to lead a workstream and support others while contributing individually.
Experience configuring AWS resources.

Preferred Qualifications

BS in a computing-related field, or commensurate experience.
Experience with testing and automation.
Experience with UI/UX.
Experience with Large Language Models (LLM) and Generative AI
Experience with app dev acceleration tools like Amazon Q Developer, GitHub CoPilot, Cursor.AI, or similar.
Experience building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines.
Experience with infrastructure as code tooling (SAM, Cloudformation, Terraform, etc).

Benefits

100% remote work
Private Health Insurance
Flexible Time Off
Competitive phantom equity
Paid for exams and certifications
Peer bonus awards
State of the art laptop and tools
Equipment & Office Stipend
Individual professional development plan
Annual stipend for Learning and Development
Work with an amazing worldwide team and in an incredible corporate culture

NOTE: We are unable to provide sponsorship for this position.

NOTE: We’re unable to provide visa sponsorship now or at any time in the future.

At Caylent, we are committed to fair, transparent, and inclusive hiring practices. As part of our recruitment process, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools or automated systems to assist with the screening and evaluation of applications to help match candidate qualifications with job requirements.

These tools are designed to support — not replace — human decision-making. Final hiring decisions are always made by our trained recruitment professionals.

If an AI or automated tool is used during your application process, it will only be in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and your information will be handled in a secure and confidential manner.

If you have any questions, please contact talent@caylent.com

Caylent is a place where everyone belongs. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our approach helps us to build a winning team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. So, regardless of how your diversity expresses itself, you can find a home here at Caylent.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, genetic information, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. If you would like to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at hr@caylent.com.… more

