CARD

Senior Backend Engineer (Verified job)Senior Backend Engineer 
Sardine
Brazil (Remote)

Viewed
 · 
Be an early applicant
 · 
Posted 3 hours ago3 hours ago



HEADER
Brazil · Reposted 3 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

DESCRIPTION
Who We Are

Sardine is the leading agentic risk platform for fighting financial crime. Our integrated solution unifies data across risk teams to help organizations stop fraud in real time, prevent AI-driven attacks, and automate fraud and AML operations. Sardine’s platform is strengthened by one of the fastest-growing fraud consortiums in the market, spanning more than 6 billion profiled devices, 800 million consumers, and 3 million businesses worldwide. Leading companies including FIS, GoDaddy, Intuit, Edward Jones, ZoomInfo, and Checkout.com rely on Sardine to secure and grow trust in their products.

Our Culture

We have hubs in the Bay Area, NYC, Austin, Toronto, and São Paulo. However, we maintain a remote-first work culture. #WorkFromAnywhere
We hire talented, self-motivated individuals with extreme ownership and high growth orientation. 
We value performance and not hours worked. We believe you shouldn't have to miss your family dinner, your kid's school play, friends get-together, or doctor's appointments for the sake of adhering to an arbitrary work schedule.

Location: Remote - Brazil

To be considered for this position, you must reside in one of the following cities:

São Paulo: São Paulo, Campinas, São José dos Campos
Rio de Janeiro: Rio de Janeiro
Minas Gerais: Belo Horizonte
Paraná: Curitiba
Santa Catarina: Florianópolis

About The Role

As a backend-focused Senior Software Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in designing, constructing, and maintaining APIs, services, and systems across our engineering team. This multifaceted position involves developing new features on a large scale, refining internal tooling and processes, contributing to product and technical roadmaps, and assuming diverse responsibilities within the organization. The ideal candidate for the backend role will have a proven track record in building highly available APIs, with additional proficiency in data pipelines and the relevant domain.

What You'll Be Doing

Design, create, and maintain robust, efficient, and reliable backend services to meet our platform's evolving needs.
Collaborate closely with business stakeholders to architect and implement new services from inception to delivery.
Contribute to developing new features and capabilities that deliver substantial value to our customers.
Work with various engineering and product teams to synchronize efforts and deliver cutting-edge solutions.
Craft and maintain user-facing technical documentation, enhancing user understanding and facilitating seamless adoption of our services.
Play a pivotal role in shaping our company's engineering culture, ensuring the maintenance of high engineering standards across the organization.

What You’ll Need

7+ years of proven experience as a Software Engineer specializing in web backend development.
Proficiency in Golang is a significant advantage.
Additional experience in data engineering is highly desirable.
A track record of successfully delivering high-quality production services and systems.
Customer-centric approach with a strong emphasis on empathy towards users.
Relevant industry experience, particularly in banking or fintech, and domain knowledge in fraud prevention or compliance.
Proficient in English - from casual chats to formal reports.

Technologies We Use

TypeScript (React + node)
Golang
Ruby
Bigtable
Postgres / PostgreSQL
GCP dataflow (apache beam)
BigQuery
Python
Java
Terraform

Benefits We Offer

Generous compensation in cash and equity
Early exercise for all options, including pre-vested
Work from anywhere: Remote-first Culture
Flexible paid time off and Year-end break
Health insurance, dental, and vision coverage for employees and dependents - US and Canada specific
4% matching in 401k / RRSP - US and Canada specific
MacBook Pro delivered to your door
One-time stipend to set up a home office — desk, chair, screen, etc.
Monthly meal stipend
Monthly social meet-up stipend
Annual health and wellness stipend
Annual Learning stipend

Join a fast-growing company with world-class professionals from around the world. If you are seeking a meaningful career, you found the right place, and we would love to hear from you.

To learn more about how we process your personal information and your rights in regards to your personal information as an applicant and Sardine employee, please visit our Applicant and Worker Privacy Notice.… more

