CARD

Senior Software Engineer (Brazil) (Verified job)Senior Software Engineer (Brazil) 
Sezzle
Brazil (Remote)

Viewed
 · 
Posted 5 days ago5 days ago



HEADER
Brazil · Reposted 5 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

DESCRIPTION
The salary range for this role is $5,000 - $9,500 per month (Gross in USD) 

About Sezzle:

With a mission to financially empower the next generation, Sezzle is revolutionizing the shopping experience beyond payments, blending cutting-edge tech with seamless, interest-free installment plans that make shopping smarter and more accessible. We’re not just transforming payments; we’re redefining how people discover, interact with, and purchase the things they love while driving real impact on merchant sales through increased conversions and higher order values. As we continue to shape the future of fintech and retail, we’re building an innovative, dynamic team passionate about creating more than just a transaction but a truly unique shopping journey. If you’re excited about pushing boundaries in tech and delivering a game-changing experience for consumers and merchants alike, come join us at Sezzle and help create the future of shopping!

Compensation:

For this senior development role, with 8+ years of experience, the compensation range is $5,000 - $9,500  USD per month. This range acknowledges the extensive expertise, leadership capabilities, and significant contributions expected at this level, offering a competitive salary to reflect the value of advanced skills and experience.

About the Role: 

We are seeking a talented and motivated Senior Software Engineer who is best in class with a high IQ plus a high EQ. This role presents an exciting opportunity to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment within a rapidly growing team, with abundant prospects for career advancement.

As a Senior Software Engineer with Sezzle, you will work with a highly-motivated team to tackle interesting and challenging problems across multiple areas of the organization. Your experience and guidance will help other members of the team level-up their own skills as well.

In this backend focused role, you will work closely with stakeholders from Product, Support and the business. You’ll also partner with other engineering teams to provide high-quality, scalable, and innovative solutions to internal and customer problems. Your day-to-day responsibilities will include designing, developing, and delivering new features, as well as unblocking and mentoring your teammates.

This role has both an internal and external focus, your contributions will make a meaningful difference in the day-to-day lives of your peers at Sezzle, enhancing their ability to support our business and customers, and you will have opportunities to take any feedback and iterate.

Interview Process

We believe transparency is important at Sezzle. Regularly providing feedback while setting expectations is part of our culture starting with the interview process. Advancement through each step is not guaranteed.

Application submitted (you are here)
Wonderlic test (30-40 min)
Interview with recruiters (30 min)
Coding assessment (:1.5 hours)
Interview with engineers (1 hour)
Interview with engineering leadership (30-45 min)
Offer!

What You'll Do: 

Design software applications and features in Golang and React
Help build out a distributed architecture, creating solutions that work within it, maintaining consistency while scaling highly
Coordinate with internal company stakeholders to design market winning products
Develop and collect metrics to drive continuous improvement of existing products
Deliver high quality features which can be tested and adheres to reporting standards
As needed, lead small development teams to bring a project to market
Mentor other engineering teammates to help elevate their experience and knowledge

What We Look For:

At least 7 years of full-stack software engineering experience
Experience bringing new ideas and building consensus on the path forward
Experience with building and serving REST APIs using Go (preferably) and Java Python or a similar language.
Experience working in a distributed, cloud-based architecture, with either design patterns like transactional outboxes, or queuing tools like RabbitMQ, SQS, Kafka
Demonstrated experience working with Claude or equivalent large language model tools is required; candidates must be comfortable leveraging AI to enhance productivity, research, and communication.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field.

Preferred Knowledge and Skills:

Experience with SQL based RDMS through an ORM tool
Comfortable using observability platforms like Prometheus, or vendor solutions like NewRelic or Datadog to instrument your code for production monitoring and alerting.
DevOps experience with CI/CD pipelines
Familiarity with containerized micro-service architecture deployed with Kubernetes on AWS
Demonstrated history of delivering commercial APIs and web applications
A clear record of getting products to market and prioritizing solutions and improvements based on stakeholder/customer feedback.

About You: 

You have relentlessly high standards - many people may think your standards are unreasonably high. You are continually raising the bar and driving those around you to deliver great results. You make sure that defects do not get sent down the line and that problems are fixed so they stay fixed.
You’re not bound by convention - your success—and much of the fun—lies in developing new ways to do things
You need action - speed matters in business. Many decisions and actions are reversible and do not need extensive study. We value calculated risk-taking.
You earn trust - you listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully.
You have backbone; disagree, then commit - you can respectfully challenge decisions when you disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. You have conviction and are tenacious. You do not compromise for the sake of social cohesion. Once a decision is determined, you commit wholly.
You deliver results - you focus on the key inputs and deliver them with the right quality and in a timely fashion. Despite setbacks, you rise to the occasion and never settle.

Sezzle’s Technology Stack:

Languages: Golang, Typescript, Python
Frontend: Typescript - React and React Native
Backend: Golang
Database: MySQL, Postgres, Elasticsearch
DevOps & Cloud: AWS, Kubernetes
Version Control: Git
CI/CD: Gitlab
Testing: Developer-driven, focus on automated unit, integration, and end-to-end tests
Sezzle is focused on using open source, and we build what we can before buying!

What Makes Working at Sezzle Awesome? 

At Sezzle, we are more than just brilliant engineers, passionate data enthusiasts, out-of-the-box thinkers, and determined innovators; we are skilled musicians, yogis, cyclists, chefs, golfers, dog-lovers, and rock-climbers. We believe in surrounding ourselves with not only the best and the brightest individuals, but those that are unique and purpose-driven in all that they do. Our culture is not defined by a certain set of perks designed to give the illusion of the traditional startup culture, but rather, it is the visible example living in every employee that we hire.

#Full-time

… more

